first pass at groups & access docs (#2946)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/access.md

---
resource_types: [models]
datatype: access
required: no
---

:::info Beta functionality

> This functionality is new in v1.5. These docs exist to provide a high-level overview of what's to come. The specific syntax is liable to change.

Reviewer: Given that we're nearing the final beta / RC, I've started using this language (in #3100):
```suggestion
This functionality is new in v1.5! The syntax is mostly locked, but some small details are still liable to change.
```
